Update `api.md` (#444)
interledger-rs/interledger-rs: docs/api.md

}
```

### (WebSocket) /accounts/:username/payments/incoming

Admin or account-holder only.

#### Message

In the format of text message of WebSocket, the endpoint will send the following JSON when receiving payments:

```json
{
    "to_username": "Receiving account username",
    "from_username": "Sending account username",
    "destination": "Destination ILP address",
    "amount": 1000,
    "timestamp": "Receiving time in RFC3339 format"
}
```

> Note that the sending account username is one on the receiving node, not one of terminal sender.

Author: As far as I read the code, I thought so. Is this correct?

Reviewer: Yeah that's correct

```suggestion
Note that the `from_username` corresponds to the account that received the packet _on this node_, not the original sender.
```

Reviewer 2: @emschwartz That suggested change is still worded strangely to me, the `from_username` is the account on the previous connector that just sent us this packet. It's not guaranteed to be the originator that initiated this payment transfer, but it's not necessarily an account on this node, unless I'm grossly mistaken.

Reviewer 2: Could be worth considering whether we ought to rename these fields like this in order to be clearer:

`to_username` -> `destination_user`

`destination` -> `destination_address`

`from_username` to `forwarding_user`

Not sure how willing we'd be to make a breaking change like this, but it could reduce confusion in the future.

Reviewer: The `from_username` is guaranteed to be the account _on this node_ that received the packet (which may represent the previous node -- or which could be the sender in the unusual case where the sender was on the same node)

```json
{
    "status": "Ready",
    "ilp_address": "example.node",

>     "version": "0.1.1beta.3"

Reviewer 3: (nit) I think this should be:
```suggestion
    "version": "0.1.1-beta.3"
```

Author: I think it looks better but currently nodes return the version in this way.
I'll post an issue.

Author: https://github.com/interledger-rs/interledger-rs/issues/452
